Hello friends, hello, welcome to all of you once again
in today's video. In today's
video, we will tell you
how to download the policy of ICICI Lord Bird General Insurance.
If you have made insurance for
bike, car or any vehicle from ICICI Lord General Insurance,
if you want to download it again, then
in today's video
you will know step by step. To download it, you should have a
registered mobile
number or the registration number of the vehicle
or you should have the insurance
number. If you have all this, then you
can download it very easily. So for this,
you will have to
click on the link of ICICI Lord Buy Car and Bike Health Travel Insurance on the first number itself. As soon as you click on it,
its official site will
open in front of you and here you will
get to see an option of login, so
you have to click on login. Here you have to
login with the same mobile number which you had
given at the time of making the policy or if your
vehicle is new, then the mobile number which you had given at the
time of registration of the vehicle.
You have to login here using the mobile number you had given,
enter the mobile number, after that
click on send OTP, then
an OTP will come on the mobile number you gave, enter that OTP
here, after that click on verify,
so in this way you will be
logged in, so friends, as you will be
logged in here, here
you will get an option to see my
policies, you have to click on this
and here you will get to see your policy number,
premium, all this and
here you get an option of view
policy, you have to click on this, then the
policy will open in front of you
and here you get to see the name of the customer,
after that his
address and here you can see the
name of the customer and when the registration was done, it will be available to
see and
here when will the third party start
and when will it end, all this is
available to see here and here the engine
number, after that the cheese number, you get to
see all these things here, so
friends today's  In this video I
told you that
if you have lost your policy copy of ICICI Lombard General Insurance
or you want to download it again, then
how will you be able to download it, so
step by step I told you the whole process, I hope
you liked the video
and if you liked the information then
like the video and to keep getting similar
information, you have to
subscribe to the channel, so we will meet again
in a new video, till then Jai
Hind